oh my god you become a national
I'll
I a I dreamt about being an ass
I was a little boy
watching you on strong in bus
walking away I was six
but unlike Chris I kind of
forgot about the dream until I
got older
and once I get outta college I
the
I decided that I wanted to try
to do went to graduate school
got me
PhD in started applying while I
was in grad so you be as a
mission specialist which
correctly academic
writer chris Christie with the
pilot route so he's the right
stuff
yeah like Hal Jordan and then
what are you the wrong couple
apparently
hit me up on what I say the
fighter pilot yet we learned
about the other part he's got a
really cool mustache to
he's fascism come nearly a dozen
really could not really talk 98
its right now it's a real much
that he's Canadian little bit
more about christmas background
yeah Chris he's into seriously
dangerous stuff correctly
test pilot yep as a test pilot
I had we had one friend I years
for like 10 years willie Mae
qualified people because that
was a dangerous profession we
hear every day
planned space once every six or
seven years so at least the
frequency risk is lower
but when we look back now to
what the rest was on my first
shuttle launch
the risk of death during asset
was about 138
Wi Fi with a lot better than
that but now learning everything
we knew
it was extremely risky thing to
do but you just you go okay this
is going to be risky but it's
worth it now my job is to not
die doing this
how we spend the next three
years learning so much about
this
that no matter what happens we
have a plan or gonna react so
that we improve our eyes a
slight gonna take it that since
you are here with me now you
didn't die
in an hour I came close of the
times but did a parachute if you
can
I've never had to jump out or
come close I i here to us I was
during testing production river
maryland just
over the chesapeake and we're
calibrating this version
F-eighteen
fifty feet above the water going
515 us
and hit a seagull yen's if you
gonna
an inch or two over your country
when screening cialis both but
he just went down the left side
too much damage the airplane but
you know a couple close calls
like that so I'm in both was
illegal and
550 miles an hour yeah it's a
cannonball at that point there
inducing or any good but the
airplane and I survived
why so that's not even a fall to
the you're playing minute when I
think you
a risk that fire quality and I
think even my flying to receive
well
that israel has I can you know
some the riskiest things I did
in spaceships
other random ones also you know
the peppering
love debris from natural and
man-made from space
it's something you just can't do
anything about but it's a
definite
measurable perceptible rest